#1747 update docs for multiple mapping outputs (#1751)
AbsaOSS/enceladus: _docs/2.0.0/usage/menas-conformance-rules.md

When defining a mapping conformance rule, users first need to pick a correct Mapping Table and correct version. Then there is a question if the data can have Null values in join conditions. This means if the join that will be executed should be null safe or not.

Then the join conditions convey the relationship between the Dataset and Mapping Table. The join condition specifies how the rows from one table will be combined with the rows of the other table. This is based on the equality of the values in the selected columns.

> Last are the output columns which specifies which columns from the mapping table will be written into their respective output column. The mapping table column is called target value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last are the output columns that specify which columns from the mapping table will be written into their respective output column. The mapping table column is called the _target value_.
```

(which twice)
